docs: update blogpost section of sidecar build for v1.27 (#4677)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v127.en.md

## Sidecar improvements

> You can now build and push container images for sidecar containers just like your main container. Additionally, you can now specify the path to a local environment file for sidecar containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now build and push container images for sidecar containers just like you can for your main container. Additionally, you can now specify the path to a local environment file for sidecar containers.
```

Reviewer: bc users can use diff env files for diff sidecars
```suggestion
You can now build and push container images for sidecar containers just like your main container. Additionally, you can now specify the paths to local environment files for sidecar containers.
```

> With the following improvements to sidecar containers, you now have more flexibility and control on building and pushing images for sidecar containers alongside their main containers, allowing them to manage dependencies and resources more efficiently. Additionally, you can now specify the path to a file containing the environment variables to pass to the sidecar containers, to provide a more customized approach to configuring the containers.

Reviewer 2: What do you think of the following suggestion:
```suggestion
You now build and push container images for sidecar containers just like your main container. Additionally, you can now specify the path to a local environment file for sidecar containers.
```

> With the following improvements to sidecar containers, developers now have more flexibility and control on build and push container images for sidecar containers alongside their main container, allowing them to manage dependencies and resources more efficiently. Additionally, you can now specify the path to a file containing the environment variables to pass to the sidecar containers, to provide a more customized approach to configuring the containers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With the following improvements to sidecar containers, you now have more flexibility and control on building and pushing images for sidecar containers alongside their main containers, allowing them to manage dependencies and resources more efficiently. Additionally, you can now specify the path to a file containing the environment variables to pass to the sidecar containers, to provide a more customized approach to configuring the containers.
```

### Build and push container images for sidecar containers

> Copilot now allows users to build sidecar container images natively from a Dockerfile and push them to ECR.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Copilot now allows users to build sidecar container images natively from Dockerfiles and push them to ECR.
```

> In order to take advantage of this feature, users can modify their workload manifest in several ways. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to take advantage of this feature, users can modify their workload manifests in several ways. 
```

The first option is to simply specify the path to the Dockerfile as a string.

```yaml
sidecars:
  nginx:
    image:
      build: path/to/dockerfile
```

> Alternatively, you can specify build as a map, which allows for more advanced customization. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can specify `build` as a map, which allows for more advanced customization. 
```

This includes specifying the Dockerfile path, context directory, target build stage, cache from images, and build arguments.

```yaml
sidecars:
  nginx:
    image:
      build:
        dockerfile: path/to/dockerfile
        context: context/dir
        target: build-stage
        cache_from:
          - image: tag
        args: value
```

Another option is to specify an existing image uri instead of building from a Dockerfile.

```yaml
sidecars:
  nginx:
    image: 123457839156.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/demo/front:nginx-latest
```

> Finally, you can provide the image uri using the location field.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Or you can provide the image URI using the location field.
```

Additionally, you can now specify the paths to local environment files for sidecar containers.

### Build and push container images for sidecar containers

Copilot now allows users to build sidecar container images natively from Dockerfiles and push them to ECR.
In order to take advantage of this feature, users can modify their workload manifests in several ways.

The first option is to simply specify the path to the Dockerfile as a string.

```yaml
sidecars:
  nginx:
    image:
      build: path/to/dockerfile
```

Alternatively, you can specify `build` as a map, which allows for more advanced customization. 
This includes specifying the Dockerfile path, context directory, target build stage, cache from images, and build arguments.

```yaml
sidecars:
  nginx:
    image:
      build:
        dockerfile: path/to/dockerfile
        context: context/dir
        target: build-stage
        cache_from:
          - image: tag
        args: value
```

Another option is to specify an existing image URI instead of building from a Dockerfile.

```yaml
sidecars:
  nginx:
    image: 123457839156.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/demo/front:nginx-latest
```

> Or you can provide the image URI using the location field.
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

Or you can provide the image URI using the location field.
```
spacing
